[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: http://www.ticketmaster.com/h/terms.html ] 

 Welcome! The following are the terms of use ("Terms") that govern your use of 
the Ticketmaster sites and applications where this appears (collectively, the 
"Site"). Our Privacy Policy, Purchase Policy, and any other policies, rules or 
guidelines that may be applicable to particular offers or features on the Site 
are also incorporated into these Terms. By visiting or using the Site, you 
expressly agree to these Terms, as updated from time to time.

We may make 
changes to these Terms at any time. Any changes we make will be effective 
immediately when we post a revised version of these Terms on the Site. The "Last
 Updated" date above will tell you when these Terms were last revised. By 
continuing to use this Site after that date, you agree to the changes.

The Site
 is not intended for children under the age of 13 and no person under the age of
 13 may use the Site. We strongly encourage all parents and guardians to monitor
 the Internet use by their children. If you use the Site, you affirm you are at 
least 13 years old.

You may browse the Site without registering for an account.
 You will be required to register for an account to use certain features of the 
Site, such as purchasing a ticket. Your account username may not include the 
name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person, or be 
offensive, vulgar or obscene. Your account username and password are personal to
 you. You will be responsible for the confidentiality and use of your username 
and password, and for all activities (including purchases) that are conducted 
through your account. You may not transfer or sell access to your account. We 
will not be liable for any harm related to disclosure of your username or 
password or the use by anyone else of your username or password. You may not use
 another user's account without that user's permission. You will immediately 
notify us in writing if you discover any unauthorized use of your account or 
other account-related security breach. We may require you to change your 
username and/or password if we believe your account is no longer secure or if we
 receive a complaint that your username violates someone else's rights. You will
 have no ownership in your account or your username. We may refuse registration,
 cancel an account or deny access to the Site for any reason.

You agree that 
you will comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and that you 
will not:

The Site and all data, text, designs, pages, print screens, images, 
artwork, photographs, audio and video clips, and HTML code, source code, or 
software that resides or is viewable or otherwise discoverable on the Site, and 
all tickets obtained from the Site, (collectively, the "Content") are owned by 
us or our licensors. We own a copyright and, in many instances, patents and 
other intellectual property in the Site and Content. We may change the Content 
and features of the Site at any time.

We grant you a limited, conditional, no-
cost, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sub-licensable license to view this 
Site and its Content to purchase tickets as permitted by these Terms for non-
commercial purposes only if, as a condition precedent, you agree that you will 
not:

This license is expressly conditioned on your preexisting agreement to 
comply with, and your actual compliance with, each of the provisions described 
in this Ownership of Content and Grant of Conditional License section. This 
license exists only so long as you strictly comply with each of the provisions 
described in this section. Any use of the Site or Content by you or anyone 
acting on your behalf that does not strictly comply with each and every 
provision in this section exceeds the scope of the license granted to you 
herein, constitutes unauthorized reproduction, display, or creation of 
unauthorized derivative versions of the Site and Content, and infringes our 
copyrights, trademarks, patents and other rights in the Site and Content. You 
will not acquire any ownership rights by using the Site or the Content.

The 
registered and unregistered trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on the
 Site are owned by us or our licensors. You may not use our trademarks, logos 
and service marks in any way without our prior written permission. You may 
inquire about obtaining permission by writing:

Please review our Purchase 
Policy, which will govern your purchase of any tickets or other products through
 the Site, including any refunds or exchanges. We may impose conditions on your 
use of any coupon, promotional code or gift card. You will pay all charges 
incurred by you or any users of your account and credit card (or other 
applicable payment mechanism) at the price(s) in effect when such charges are 
incurred, including any applicable taxes. You may only use credit or debit 
cards, gift cards or vouchers that belong to you or to people who expressly 
authorize you to use such payment methods. You may use Ticketmaster ticket cash?
 and tm ticket cash? only in accordance with the Code Terms of Use found at 
Ticketmaster.com/ticketcash. You may not attempt to conceal your identity by 
using multiple Internet Protocol addresses or email addresses to conduct 
transactions on the Site. You will not hold us liable if you do not comply with 
laws related to your transactions. We may provide law enforcement with 
information you provide to us related to your transactions to assist in any 
investigation or prosecution of you. If we are unable to verify or authenticate 
any information or tickets you provide during any registration, ordering, 
purchase, ticket posting, sale, authentication, delivery, payment or remittance 
process, or any other process, or if we are no longer able to verify or 
authorize your credit card or bank account information, your tickets may be 
cancelled, we may refuse to honor all pending and future ticket purchases made 
with those credit card or bank accounts and/or via any online accounts 
associated with those credit card or bank accounts. We may also prohibit you 
from using the Site.

We may host fan reviews, message boards, blog feeds, 
social media feeds and other forums found on the Site (collectively, "Forums"), 
and you may be able to submit suggestions, reviews, concepts, audio and video 
recordings, photographs, artwork or other materials to the Forums or other areas
 of the Site ("User Content").

By submitting User Content, you certify that you
 are at least 18 years old, or you are at least 13 years old and have obtained 
your parent's or legal guardian's express consent to submit User Content.

You 
own all rights to your User Content. If you submit User Content to the Site, you
 grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, sublicenseable, royalty-free
 right and license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, 
distribute, publicly perform, display, archive and commercialize your User 
Content, in our sole discretion, in all formats and in all media channels now 
known or hereinafter discovered, without any compensation or acknowledgment to 
you or anyone else. This license will not affect your ownership in your User 
Content, including the right to grant additional licenses to your User Content, 
except if it conflicts with these Terms. We are not obligated to post, display 
or otherwise use any User Content, or to attribute your User Content to you. You
 will not make or authorize any claim against us that our use of your User 
Content infringes any of your rights.

Statements, opinions and reviews posted 
by participants in a Forum may be inaccurate, offensive, obscene, threatening or
 harassing. We do not endorse and are not responsible for these postings. We 
will not be liable for any loss or harm caused by the posting or your reliance 
on information obtained through the postings.

You will be responsible for your 
User Content and the consequences of posting it. By submitting User Content, you
 represent to us that (i) you own, or have the necessary permission to submit 
the User Content and to grant the licenses to us under this section, and (ii) 
you have the written permission of every identifiable person in the User Content
 to use that person's name and likeness in the manner contemplated by the Site 
and these Terms or, if the person is a minor, the written permission of the 
minor's parent or legal guardian.

We will have the right (but not the 
obligation) to monitor the Site, the Forums and the User Content, and to 
disclose any User Content and the circumstances surrounding its submission in 
order to operate the Site properly, or to protect ourselves, our sponsors and 
our users, or to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests.

If we 
are notified that your User Content does not comply with these Terms, we may 
investigate the allegation and may decide to remove your User Content and cancel
 your account.

Under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") 
if you believe in good faith that any content on the Site infringes your 
copyright, you may send us a notice requesting that the content be removed. The 
notice must include: (a) your (or your agent's) physical or electronic 
signature; (b) identification of the copyrighted work on our Site that is 
claimed to have been infringed (or a representative list if multiple copyrighted
 works are included in one notification); (c) identification of the content that
 is claimed to be infringing or the subject of infringing activity, including 
information reasonably sufficient to allow us to locate the content on the Site;
 (d) your name, address, telephone number and email address (if available); (e) 
a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the content in the 
manner complained of is not authorized by you or your agent or the law; and (f) 
a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and, under 
penalty of perjury, that you or your agent is authorized to act on behalf of the
 copyright owner. If you believe in good faith that a notice of copyright 
infringement has been wrongly filed against you, you may send us a counter-
notice. You may read more information about the DMCA at 
http://www.loc.gov/copyright.

Notices and counter-notices should be sent to 
Copyright Officer, Live Nation Entertainment, Inc., 9348 Civic Center Drive, 
Beverly Hills, CA 90210, copyrightofficer@livenation.com. There can be penalties
 for false claims under the DMCA. We suggest that you consult your legal advisor
 before filing a notice or counter-notice.

The Site contains links to other 
websites that may not be owned or operated by us. The fact that we may link to 
those websites does not indicate any approval or endorsement of those websites. 
We have no control over those websites. We are not responsible for the content 
of those websites, or the privacy practices of those websites. We strongly 
encourage you to become familiar with the terms of use and practices of any 
linked website. Your use of other websites is at your own risk and is subject to
 the terms of those websites. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that
 whatever links you select or software you download (whether from the Site or 
other sites) is free of viruses, worms, Trojan horses, defects, date bombs, time
 bombs and other items of a destructive nature.

We cannot prohibit minors from 
visiting our Site, and must rely on parents and guardians to decide what 
materials are appropriate for children to view and purchase. There are parental 
control protections (such as computer hardware, software or filtering services) 
available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to 
minors. You can find information about parental controls at 
http://onguardonline.gov and http://kids.getnetwise.org. We do not endorse the 
products or services listed at these websites.

The Site is directed to people 
residing in the United States. We do not represent that Content available on or 
through the Site is appropriate or available in other locations. We may limit 
the availability of the Site or any service or product described on the Site to 
any person or geographic area at any time. If you choose to access the Site from
 outside the United States, you do so at your own risk.

In addition to these 
Terms, sweepstakes, contests, games or other promotions (collectively, 
"Promotions") made available through the Site may have specific rules that are 
different from these Terms. By participating in a Promotion, you will become 
subject to those rules. We urge you to review the rules before you participate 
in a Promotion. Promotion rules will control over any conflict with these Terms.


We offer browsing and mobile messaging services which may include alerts, 
Promotions and offers for products. Mobile messaging is provided by HelloWorld, 
Inc. You may choose to receive mobile alerts by signing up or participating in a
 Promotion. If you do, you authorize us to use automated technology to send 
messages to the mobile phone number you supply when you sign up. You will also 
be subject to the HelloWorld terms of service located at 
http://www.helloworld.com/terms. Your consent to receive mobile communications 
is never required in order to purchase something from us. You may receive up to 
8 messages per month.

Message and data rates may apply, according to your rate 
plan provided by your wireless carrier. We will not be responsible for any text 
messaging or other wireless charges incurred by you or by a person who has 
access to your wireless device or telephone number. You may not receive our 
alerts if your carrier does not permit text alerts. Your carrier may not allow 
you to use pre-paid phones or calling plans to receive alerts. We may send you a
 bounce back message for every message you send to us. Service may not be 
compatible with all wireless carriers or devices.

You may opt out of any alerts
 by replying with the text message "STOP" or by sending the text message "STOP" 
to the shortcode provided. You may also opt out of receiving text messages from 
us by sending the text message "STOP" to 842538. If you opt out by sending us a 
text message, we will send you a text to confirm your request. If you do not 
want to receive a confirmation text message, you may opt out by email or phone 
at the address or phone number listed at the end of this paragraph. It may take 
us up to 10 days to remove your mobile device number from our database. For 
additional help, text "HELP" to 842538, email mozes.support@helloworld.com or 
call 844.298.1160.

We are not responsible for the accuracy of any information 
displayed in our mobile messaging, for any misdelivery or untimely delivery of 
any mobile messaging, or your deletion or failure to store any mobile messaging 
from us.

If you install or use our mobile application, software and services, 
including any accompanying documentation (collectively, "App"), we grant you a 
limited right to install and use the App on a single authorized device located 
in the United States and its territories or in another country where we may 
offer the App. You may use the App for your personal, non-commercial and 
entertainment purposes only. You agree to also comply with Apple's App Store 
Terms of Service, which you can find at 
http://www.apple.com/legal/itunes/us/terms.html#SERVICE. We do not grant you any
 rights to any related documentation, support, upgrades, maintenance or other 
enhancements to the App. We will not provide you with any device, internet 
access or wireless connection to use the App. We are not responsible for any 
interaction between you and another App user, or information you transmit 
through the App (including your location).

We may investigate any violation of 
these Terms, including unauthorized use of the Site. We may take legal action 
that we feel is appropriate. You agree that monetary damages may not provide us 
a sufficient remedy and that we may pursue injunctive or other relief for your 
violation of these Terms. If we determine that you have violated these Terms or 
the law, or for any other reason or for no reason, we may cancel your account, 
delete all your User Content and prevent you from accessing the Site at any time
 without notice to you. If that happens, you may no longer use the Site or any 
Content. You will still be bound by your obligations under these Terms. You 
agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for termination of 
your access to the Site or to your account or any related information, and we 
will not be required to make the Site or your account or any related information
 available to you. We may also cancel any ticket or merchandise order, and 
tickets or merchandise acquired through your order. We may refuse to honor 
pending and future purchases made from all accounts we believe may be associated
 with you, or cancel a ticket or ticket order associated with any person we 
believe to be acting with you, or cancel your ticket postings, or exercise any 
other remedy available to us.

You agree that your abusive use of the Site may 
cause damage and harm to us, including impaired goodwill, lost sales and 
increased expenses. You also agree that monetary damages for your abusive use of
 the Site are difficult to determine and that if you, or others acting with you,
 request more than 1,000 pages of the Site or make more than 800 reserve 
requests on the Site in any 24-hour period, you, and those acting with you, will
 be jointly and severally liable for liquidated damages in the amount of twenty-
five cents ($0.25) for each page request or reserve request made during that 
24-hour period which exceeds those limits.

WE PROVIDE THE SITE AND THE CONTENT 
TO YOU "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE". WE TRY TO KEEP THE SITE UP, BUG-FREE AND 
SAFE, BUT YOU USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW,
 WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF 
TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE, OR WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING OR COURSE OF 
PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SITE WILL ALWAYS BE 
SAFE, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE SITE WILL ALWAYS FUNCTION WITHOUT 
DISRUPTIONS, DELAYS OR IMPERFECTIONS. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACTIONS OR 
INFORMATION OF THIRD PARTIES, AND YOU RELEASE US FROM ANY CLAIMS AND DAMAGES, 
KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH ANY CLAIM YOU 
HAVE AGAINST ANY SUCH THIRD PARTIES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE 
EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO SOME OF THESE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO 
YOU. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE ?1542, 
WHICH SAYS: A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES 
NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE 
RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS 
SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.

IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR EVENT PROVIDERS, 
SUPPLIERS, ADVERTISERS AND SPONSORS, BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE TO YOU OR ANYONE 
ELSE FOR, AND YOU HEREBY KNOWINGLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO SEEK, 
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY TYPE OTHER
 THAN OUT OF POCKET EXPENSES, AND ANY RIGHTS TO HAVE DAMAGES MULTIPLIED OR 
OTHERWISE INCREASED, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE, THE CONTENT,
 OR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE PURCHASED THROUGH THE SITE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN 
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE CLAIM 
IS BASED UPON ANY CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY. WITHOUT 
LIMITING THE FOREGOING, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT WE WILL HAVE NO
 LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY WHATSOEVER FOR (a) ANY FAILURE OF ANOTHER USER OF 
THE SITE TO CONFORM TO THE CODES OF CONDUCT, (b) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY 
DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT OR IN TORT, 
RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SITE, (c) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS 
TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (d) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN 
HORSES, DEFECTS, DATE BOMBS, TIME BOMBS OR OTHER ITEMS OF A DESTRUCTIVE NATURE 
WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SITE, (e) ANY ERRORS, MISTAKES, 
INACCURACIES OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT, OR (f) ANY LOST, STOLEN OR DAMAGED 
TICKETS, OR THE FAILURE OF A VENUE TO HONOR A TICKET. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE 
REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE IS TO STOP USING THE SITE. THE 
LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS 
ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THE ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN US IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF 
THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN US. OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF 
THESE TERMS OR THE USE OF THE SITE WILL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED 
DOLLARS ($100) OR THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID US IN THE PAST TWELVE MONTHS. SOME 
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF DAMAGES, SO THESE MAY 
NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH CASES, OUR LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST 
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. IN NO EVENT WILL ATTORNEYS' FEES BE AWARDED 
OR RECOVERABLE.

If anyone brings a claim against us related to your use of the 
Site, your User Content or your violation of these Terms, you agree to 
indemnify, defend and hold us and our affiliated companies, event providers, 
suppliers, advertisers and sponsors, and each of our officers, directors, 
employees, and agents, harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, 
losses and expenses of any kind (including reasonable legal fees and costs). We 
reserve the right to take exclusive control and defense of any claim, and you 
will cooperate fully with us in asserting any available defenses.

Any dispute 
or claim relating in any way to your use of the Site, or to products or services
 sold or distributed by us or through us, will be resolved by binding 
arbitration rather than in court, with the following exceptions:

The 
arbitration agreement in these Terms is governed by the Federal Arbitration Act 
(FAA), including its procedural provisions, in all respects. This means that the
 FAA governs, among other things, the interpretation and enforcement of this 
arbitration agreement and all of its provisions, including, without limitation, 
the class action waiver discussed below. State arbitration laws do not govern in
 any respect.

This arbitration agreement is intended to be broadly interpreted,
 and will survive termination of these Terms. The arbitrator, and not any 
federal, state or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to the 
extent permitted by law to resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to 
the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of this 
Agreement, including, but not limited to any claim that all or any part of this 
Agreement is void or voidable. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and 
court review of an arbitration award is limited. However, an arbitrator can 
award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including 
injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow these 
Terms as a court would.

To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must send a 
letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to: Live Nation 
Entertainment, Inc., 9348 Civic Center Drive, Beverly Hills, CA 90210, Attn: 
Legal. You may download the forms located at 
http://www.jamsadr.com/files/Uploads/Documents/JAMS_Arbitration_Demand.doc. The 
arbitration will be conducted by JAMS under its Streamlined Arbitration Rules 
and Procedures or, if applicable, its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and 
Procedures, and any applicable supplemental rules including its Consumer 
Arbitration Standards of Minimum Fairness. The JAMS Rules are available online 
at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-clauses or by calling 1-800-352-5267. Payment of
 all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by JAMS's 
rules. We will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless
 the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous, but in no event will we pay
 for attorneys' fees. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by 
telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you 
live or at another mutually agreed location.

We each agree that the arbitrator 
may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside
 over any form of a representative or class proceeding, and that any dispute 
resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in 
a class, consolidated or representative action. You agree to waive any right to 
a jury trial or to participate in a class action. If this specific provision is 
found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration section will be
 null and void and neither of us will be entitled to arbitrate our dispute.

You
 agree that these Terms evidence a transaction involving interstate commerce and
 will be governed by and construed in accordance with federal law to the fullest
 extent possible. However, if your dispute is regarding the re-sale of a ticket 
made through TicketExchange by Ticketmaster for any event located in Illinois, 
then these Terms will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of 
Illinois, without regard to conflict or choice of law rules, and you consent to 
personal jurisdiction, and agree to bring all actions, exclusively in Chicago, 
Illinois. If you have an inquiry regarding a ticket re-sale transaction made 
through TicketExchange by Ticketmaster for any event located in Illinois, please
 contact us at 550 W. Van Buren Street, 13th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60607 or 
(877) 446-9450 or ticketexchange@ticketmaster.com.

The information contained on
 the Site may not be current and should not be used or relied on for any 
investment decision regarding our securities or for any similar purpose. We file
 annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information 
with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). Copies of our
 filings are available at the Investor Relations section of this Site and also 
at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov.

Statements on the Site regarding our 
financial condition, results of operations and business and our expectations or 
beliefs concerning future events that are not historical facts are "Forward-
Looking Statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995. Use of the words "believes," "expects," "anticipates," 
"plans," "estimates" or words of similar meaning is intended to identify 
Forward-Looking Statements but is not the exclusive means of identifying such 
statements. We caution you that there are some known and unknown factors that 
could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, 
performance or achievements expressed or implied by such Forward-Looking 
Statements, including but not limited to economic, competitive, governmental and
 technological factors affecting our operations, markets, products, services and
 prices, as well as the risks and uncertainties set forth in the documents we 
file with the SEC, specifically the section titled "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of 
our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q 
and Current Reports on Form 8-K. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly 
update or revise any Forward-Looking Statements because of new information, 
future events or otherwise.

If you have any questions, comments or complaints 
regarding these Terms or the Site, please contact us at:

California users may 
also contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services,
 California Department of Consumer Affairs, located at 1625 North Market Blvd., 
Sacramento, CA 95834, (800) 952-5210.