[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: http://pages.ebay.com/help/policies/privacy-policy.html?rt=nc ] 

 The eBay website is a licensee of the TRUSTe Web Privacy Program. If Customer 
Support cannot answer your privacy-related questions, please use the TRUSTe 
Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process. This Privacy Notice describes our 
collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of your personal 
information. It applies to any eBay site where this Privacy Notice appears in 
the footer, and to any eBay application, service, or tool (collectively 
"Services") where this Privacy Notice is referenced, regardless of how you 
access or use them, including through mobile devices. ?By using our Services 
and/or registering for an account with us, you are accepting the terms of this 
Privacy Notice and our User Agreement, and consenting to our collection, use, 
disclosure and retention of your personal information as described in this 
Privacy Notice. eBay Inc. has established global privacy standards for all eBay 
Inc. companies known as Binding Corporate Rules (BCRs). They are our commitment 
to protect your personal information and honor our privacy obligations 
regardless of where your personal information is collected, processed or stored.
 We collect personal information from you and the devices (including mobile 
devices) you use to access or use our Services.? Categories of personal 
information we collect include, but are not limited to personal information: you
 give us when you use our Services we collect automatically when you use our 
Service we collect using Cookies, Web Beacons and Similar Technologies we 
collect or obtain from other sources We use the personal information we collect 
to: operate, improve and personalize our Services, to contact you about your 
account or our Services, provide you customer service, customize our advertising
 and marketing, and to detect, prevent and mitigate fraudulent or illegal 
activities. We retain your personal information as long as it is necessary and 
relevant for our operations. In addition, we retain personal information from 
closed accounts to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, 
resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, enforce 
our User Agreement and take other actions permitted by law. You have a choice 
about how we use your personal information to communicate with you, send you 
marketing information, and provide you with customized and relevant advertising.
 We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate 
and up to date, and that you have the ability to access it or make corrections 
to it. There are times when we disclose your personal information to members of 
the eBay Inc. corporate family or other third parties. This disclosure may be 
required for us to operate or provide you access to our Services, comply with 
our legal obligations, enforce our policies, facilitate our advertising, or 
reduce or prevent fraud related to our Services. We do not disclose your 
personal information to third parties for their marketing and advertising 
purposes without your explicit consent. We protect your information using 
technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, 
misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration. Some of the safeguards 
we use are firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls to our data 
centers, and information access authorization controls. This section describes 
some additional important information related to your use of our Services. 
Please review it for more details. If you have a question or a complaint about 
this Privacy Notice or our global privacy or information handling practices, you
 can reach our Global Privacy Office in writing by sending us a letter or 
postcard to: eBay Inc, Attn: Legal - Global Privacy Office, 2145 Hamilton 
Avenue, San Jose, California 95125 USA.? See the full section for more 
information on how to contact us. This Privacy Notice describes your privacy 
rights regarding our collection, use, disclosure, retention, and protection of 
your personal information. It applies to any eBay site where this Privacy Notice
 appears in the footer, and to any eBay application, service, or tool 
(collectively "Services") where this Privacy Notice is referenced, regardless of
 how you access or use them, including through mobile devices. By using our 
Services and/or registering for an account with us, you are accepting the terms 
of this Privacy Notice and our User Agreement, and you are consenting to our 
collection, use, disclosure and retention of your personal information as 
described in this Privacy Notice and in our User Agreement. If you do not 
provide the information we require, we may not be able to provide all our 
Services to you. If you reside in the United States, you are contracting with 
eBay Inc. 2145 Hamilton Avenue, San Jose, CA 95.125 USA. If you reside outside 
of the United States, you are contracting with one of our international eBay 
companies: If you reside in a country within the European Union, you are 
contracting with eBay Europe S.?.r.l, 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg 
If you reside in India, you are contracting with India Private Limited, 14th 
Floor, North Block, R-Tech Park, Western Express Highway, Goregaon (East), 
Mumbai 400063, Maharashtra India If you reside in any other country, you are 
contracting with eBay International AG, Helvetiastrasse 15/17, 3005, Bern, 
Switzerland. The company you are contracting with is your data controller, and 
is responsible for the processing of your personal information in accordance 
with our global privacy standards. Your data controller may transfer data to 
other eBay data controllers as described in this privacy notice. We may store 
and process your personal information on our computers in the US and elsewhere 
in the world where our data centers are located. "Personal information" is 
information that can be associated with a specific person and could be used to 
identify that specific person whether from that data or from that data and other
 information that eBay has or is likely to have access to. We do not consider 
personal information to include information that has been made anonymous or 
aggregated so that it can no longer be used, whether in combination with other 
information or otherwise, to identify a specific person. We may amend this 
Privacy Notice at any time by posting the amended terms on this site. All 
amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are posted. We will 
notify you through the eBay Message Center and/or via email of any material 
changes to this Privacy Notice. eBay Inc. has established global privacy 
standards for all eBay Inc. companies known as our Binding Corporate Rules 
(BCRs). They are our commitment to protect your personal information and honor 
our privacy obligations regardless of where your personal information is 
collected, processed, or stored. Our BCRs have been approved by a number of 
European Union privacy regulators.?More information about our BCRs and our 
global privacy practices and principles, including information on how to contact
 us, is available at our eBay Privacy Center. We collect personal information 
from you and the devices (including mobile devices) you use to access or use our
 Services.?This personal information we collect includes, but is not limited to 
personal information of the kinds described below: Personal information you give
 us when you use our Services Identifying information such as your name, 
addresses, telephone numbers, e-mail addresses Bidding, buying, or selling 
information for a particular transaction or other transaction based content you 
generate or is connected to your account for that particular transaction 
Financial information such as credit card or bank account numbers in connection 
with a transaction Postage billing and other information to purchase or post an 
item, as well as, where postal services are provided through one of our 
programs, information required to clear customs (such as Tax ID or other 
identification numbers) and relevant postage information (tracking updates) 
stored by the chosen postal partner In some instances, you may provide age, 
gender, interests and favorites You may also provide us other information 
through your participation in community discussions, chats, dispute resolution, 
correspondence through our sites, or correspondence sent to us Additional 
information we are required by applicable law authorizes to request in order to 
authenticate or identify you to use or verify the information we have collected 
(such as under laws requiring the seller of second hand goods to provide 
authentication in any country) Personal information we collect automatically 
when you use our Services We also collect information about your interaction 
with our Services, advertising, or e-mail communications. This is typically 
information we receive from your computer or other devices, including your 
mobile devices. Geo-location information, including location information from 
your mobile device. Keep in mind that: Most mobile devices allow you to control 
or disable the use of location services in the device's settings' menu. You may 
also be presented with an additional notice explaining any additional 
information we may collect from you that is not listed in this notice. 
Statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, referral URL, ad data, 
IP address, and browsing history and web log information Personal information we
 collect using Cookies, Web Beacons and Similar Technologies We use cookies, web
 beacons, unique identifiers, and similar technologies to provide and improve 
our Services and personalized advertising and marketing, and to provide safer 
experience and personalized experience on our sites. We collect information 
about the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take on our
 Services, or within our advertising or e-mail content. For more information 
about our use of these technologies and how to control them, see our notice on 
Cookies, Web Beacons and Similar Technologies. We may supplement the information
 we collect with information from third parties and add it to your account 
information. For example, as permitted by law, we may collect demographic 
information that is publically available, additional contact information, credit
 check information, and information from credit bureaus as allowed by law. We 
may combine information you give us with information we collect from other 
sources and use it for any purpose disclosed in this privacy notice. We may 
allow you to share information with third party social media sites, or use 
social media sites or other sites to create or connect to your account. Those 
social media sites may give us access to certain personal information stored by 
them (e.g., content viewed and information about the advertisements within the 
content you have been shown or may have clicked on, etc.) from your interaction 
with the online services. You agree that we may share your video viewing with, 
or obtain information about your video viewing from, third-party social media 
sites for at least two years or until you withdraw consent.?Remember that you 
control the personal information you allow us to have access to through the 
privacy settings on that third party site and the permissions you give us when 
you grant us access. By associating an account managed by a third party with 
your eBay account and authorizing eBay to have access to this information, you 
agree that eBay may collect, use and store the information provided by these 
sites in accordance with this privacy notice. If you give us personal 
information about someone else, you must do so only with their consent.?You 
agree to inform them that we have collected their personal information and tell 
them how we collect, use and disclose the personal information. We use the 
personal information we collect to operate, improve and personalize our 
Services, to contact you and provide you customer service, customize our 
advertising and marketing, and to detect, prevent and mitigate fraudulent or 
illegal activities. You agree that we may use your personal information as 
follows: Provide you use of and access to our Services Provide you site content 
that includes great products that we think you will like and keeps track of the 
collections and stores that you have chosen to follow Give you access to your 
purchase history, scores, bids, internal email and other features Provide you 
with credit offers and opportunities on behalf of members of our corporate 
family and their financial institution partners (such as PayPal Credit, a PayPal
 service) who offer financial products. We do not share any financial 
information without your explicit consent Customize, measure, and improve our 
sites, applications and Services Provide other services requested by you as 
described when we collect the information We may use geo-location information to
 provide you with location based services, such as advertising, search results, 
and other personalized content Contact you and provide you customer service 
Provide customer support you request for our Services or for the products 
offered by members of our corporate family and their financial institution 
partners (such as PayPal Credit, a PayPal service) Contact you, either via email
 or telephone (using autodialed or pre-recorded calls), text (SMS) messages (if 
applicable) as authorized by you to resolve disputes, collect fees, and 
troubleshoot problems with your account or our Services and for other purposes 
authorized by law and consistent with this Privacy Notice Compare the personal 
information you provide for accuracy, and verify it with third parties as 
necessary Customize our advertising and marketing communications with you 
Customize, measure, and improve our content and advertising based on your ad 
customization preferences Contact you, either via email, telephone, text (SMS) 
messages (if applicable based on your consent), or postal mail, or otherwise as 
authorized by you to: offer coupons, discounts and special promotions, and 
inform you about our services and those of our corporate family. You agree that 
eBay will use the contact information you have provided to contact you by e-mail
 and/or SMS text if you have consented to such contact. Message and data rates 
may apply. Deliver targeted marketing, service updates, and promotional offers 
based on your communication preferences Enforce our User Agreement or other 
applicable policies We retain your personal information as long as it is 
necessary and relevant for our operations. In addition, we retain personal 
information from closed accounts to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect 
any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any 
investigation, enforce our User Agreement and take other actions permitted by 
law. After it is no longer necessary for us to retain your personal information,
 we dispose of it in a secure manner it according to our data retention and 
deletion policies. You have a choice about how we use your personal information 
to communicate with you, send you marketing information, and provide you with 
customized and relevant advertising. You can control how and when you want to 
receive notifications from eBay about your buying and selling activities and the
 methods by which we may contact you from the Communication Preference section 
within your My eBay. You can also control your member-to-member communications 
preferences setting and choose which newsletters and promotions you want to 
receive. We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for 
their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. If you do not wish to 
receive marketing communications from us, you can unsubscribe from the link in 
the email you received, change your Communication Preferences within My eBay or 
indicate your preferences within the direct communication from us. We do not 
allow third parties to track or collect your personal information on our site 
for their own advertising purposes without your explicit consent. If you do not 
wish to participate in our ad-customization programs, you can opt-out by 
following the directions provided within the applicable advertisement, or 
directly at our Ad Choice program. The effect of an opt-out will be to stop 
targeted advertising, but it will still allow the collection of usage data for 
certain purposes (e.g., research, analytics and internal online services 
operation purposes). If you withdraw your consent for the use or disclosure of 
your personal information for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Notice 
you may not have access to our all our Services and we might not be able to 
provide you all of the Services and customer support offered to our users and 
authorized under this Privacy Notice and our User Agreement. We take steps to 
ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate and up to date, and 
that you have the ability to access or correct it. You can see, review and 
change most of your personal information by signing on to your account. Please 
update your personal information immediately if it changes or is inaccurate Once
 you make a public posting, you may not be able to change or remove it. Upon 
your request, we will close your account and remove your personal information 
from view as soon as reasonably possible, based on your account activity and in 
accordance with applicable law We will honor any statutory right you might have 
to access, modify or erase your personal information.? You can use the Contact 
Us to request access and find out whether any fees may apply, as permitted by 
law.? Where you have a legal right to request access or request the correction 
of information, we can still withhold that access or decline to correct 
information in some cases in accordance with applicable law, but will give you 
reasons if we do so. There are times when we disclose your personal information 
to members of the eBay Inc. corporate family or other third parties. This 
disclosure may be required for us to operate or provide you access to our 
Services, comply with our legal obligations, enforce our policies, facilitate 
our advertising, or reduce or prevent fraud related to our Services. We minimize
 the amount of personal information we share to what is directly relevant and 
necessary to accomplish the specified purpose. As stated above, we do not 
disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing and 
advertising purposes without your explicit consent. We may disclose your 
personal information for the following purposes: eBay Inc. Corporate family 
members, who may use it to: provide joint content and services (like 
registration, transactions, and customer support) help detect and prevent 
potentially illegal acts, violations of our policies, or fraud and/or data 
security breaches guide decisions about their products, sites, applications, 
services and tools, and communications Members of our corporate family will use 
this information to send you marketing communications only if you have consented
 to receive such communications from them. If we were to merge with or be 
acquired by another company, we may share information with them in accordance 
with our Global Privacy Standards. Should such an event occur, we will require 
that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Notice with respect to your 
personal information. If your personal information will be used or disclosed for
 any purposes not covered in this Privacy Notice, you will receive prior 
notification of the use of your personal information for the new purposes. Third
 party service providers who help us operate our Services, and assist with fraud
 investigations, bill collection, affiliate and rewards programs, co-branded 
credit cards and other business operations financial institution partners who 
may offer financial products to our users (such as WebBank and Comenity Capital 
Bank with whom we partner to provide PayPal Credit, a PayPal Service) to provide
 joint content and services (like registration, transactions and customer 
support), to help detect and prevent potentially illegal acts, violations of our
 policies, fraud and/or security breaches, and to guide decisions about their 
products, websites, applications, services, tools, and communications. These 
third party financial institution partners will use this information to send you
 marketing communications only if you have requested their services Law 
enforcement, legal proceedings, and as authorized by law to comply with our 
legal requirements, enforce our policies, respond to claims that a listing or 
other content violates the rights of others, or protect anyone's rights, 
property or safety to law enforcement or governmental agencies, or authorized 
third-parties, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal 
investigation or alleged or suspected illegal activity or any other activity 
that may expose us, you, or any other eBay user to legal liability. We will only
 disclose information we deem relevant to the investigation or inquiry,such as 
name, city, state, postcode, telephone number, email address, User ID history, 
IP address, fraud complaints, bidding and listing history, and anything else we 
deem relevant to eBay VeRO Program participants under confidentiality agreement,
 as we in our sole discretion deem necessary or appropriate in connection with 
an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other 
unlawful activity. In such events, we will disclose name, street address, city, 
state, postcode, country, phone number, email address and company name to credit
 bureaus as authorized by applicable law (e.g. information on late or missed 
payments or other defaults on your account that may be reflected in your credit 
report) to third parties involved in a legal proceeding, if they provide us with
 a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, or we 
otherwise believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary 
to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss or to report suspected 
illegal activity. People you authorize us to provide it to eBay users as 
authorized by you or your use of our Services (e.g. if you buy an item the 
seller may view your email address and request and obtain your contact 
information, including phone number or email and postal address to help complete
 the transaction) We protect your information using technical and administrative
 security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, 
disclosure and alteration. Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data 
encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and information access
 authorization controls. There are just a few more pieces of important privacy 
information related to your use of our Services that we need to cover: When you 
share your personal information on eBay ? what happens? Other users have access 
to the information you share on eBay. For example, other people can see your 
bids, purchases, items for sale, your collections, the members and collections 
you follow, storefronts, Feedback, ratings and associated comments. Other users 
can also see any information you chose to share in your profile or your 
collections. Your User ID is displayed throughout eBay and is available to the 
public. It is connected to all of your eBay activity. Notices sent to other 
community members about suspicious activity and notice violations on our sites 
refer to User IDs and specific items. So if you associate your name with your 
User ID, the people to whom you have revealed your name will be able to 
personally identify your eBay activities. To help protect your privacy, we allow
 only limited access to other users' contact, shipping and financial information
 as necessary to facilitate your transactions and collect payments. However, 
when users are involved in a transaction, they have access to each other's name,
 User ID, email address and other contact and shipping information. How you 
should use the information you receive on eBay eBay enables you to obtain 
personal information of others to complete transactions and collect payments. We
 encourage you to disclose your privacy practices and respect the privacy of 
other users. In all cases, you must give other users a chance to remove 
themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you have 
collected about them Use the personal information that you have access to only 
for eBay transaction-related purposes, for using services offered through eBay 
(such as escrow, shipping, and fraud complaints), and for purposes expressly 
consented by the user to whom the information relates. Using personal 
information that you have access to for any other purpose is a violation of our 
policies. Sending unwanted or threatening email is against our policies and 
constitutes a violation of our User Agreement. To report eBay-related spam or 
spoof emails please forward the email to spam@ebay.com or spoof@ebay.com. Our 
websites are general audience websites, and our Services are not intended for 
children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information 
from users in this age group. This Privacy Notice addresses only the use and 
disclosure of personal information we collect from you. If you disclose your 
information to others, their privacy notices and practices will apply. We cannot
 guarantee the privacy or security of your information once you provide it to a 
third party and we encourage you to evaluate the privacy and security policies 
of your trading partner before entering into a transaction and choosing to share
 your information.? This is true even where the third parties to whom you 
disclose personal information are bidders, buyers or sellers on our sites. If 
you have a question or a complaint about this Privacy Notice or our global 
privacy or information handling processes, you can reach the Global Privacy 
Office in writing by sending us a letter or postcard to: eBay Inc, Attn: Legal -
 Global Privacy Office, 2145 Hamilton Avenue, San Jose, California 95125, USA, 
or using the Contact Us form for your individual site. You can also find more 
information on how to contact us at our eBay Privacy Center. How can we improve 
this page? (optional) 

 If you're looking for more help or have a question to 
ask, please contact us