[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: https://www.youtube.com/t/terms ] 

 YouTube hereby grants you permission to access and use the Service as set forth 
in these Terms of Service, provided that:

In addition to the general 
restrictions above, the following restrictions and conditions apply specifically
 to your use of Content.

YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES SHALL BE AT 
YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, YOUTUBE, ITS OFFICERS, 
DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN
 CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES AND YOUR USE THEREOF. YOUTUBE MAKES NO WARRANTIES 
OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS SITE'S CONTENT OR 
THE CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) 
PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM 
YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE 
OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION 
TO OR FROM OUR SERVICES, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE 
WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR 
(V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND
 INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR
 OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES. YOUTUBE DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, 
GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR 
OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE SERVICES OR ANY HYPERLINKED SERVICES OR 
FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND YOUTUBE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO 
OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND 
THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT
 OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST 
JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.

IN NO EVENT SHALL YOUTUBE, ITS
 OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER 
RESULTING FROM ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) 
PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM 
YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE 
OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL 
INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION 
TO OR FROM OUR SERVICES, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, 
WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR 
(V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND
 INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, 
OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, 
CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY IS 
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF 
LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE 
JURISDICTION.

YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUTUBE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR
 CONTENT OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY AND
 THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.


The Service is controlled and offered by YouTube from its facilities in the 
United States of America. YouTube makes no representations that the Service is 
appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the
 Service from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are 
responsible for compliance with local law.

To the extent permitted by 
applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless YouTube, its 
parent corporation, officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against 
any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, 
and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (i) 
your use of and access to the Service; (ii) your violation of any term of these 
Terms of Service; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including 
without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim 
that your Content caused damage to a third party. This defense and 
indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Service and your use of 
the Service.

You affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age, or an 
emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully 
able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, 
affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of 
Service, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Service. In any case, 
you affirm that you are over the age of 13, as the Service is not intended for 
children under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use the 
Service. There are lots of other great web sites for you. Talk to your parents 
about what sites are appropriate for you.

These Terms of Service, and any 
rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by 
you, but may be assigned by YouTube without restriction.

You agree that: (i) 
the Service shall be deemed solely based in California; and (ii) the Service 
shall be deemed a passive website that does not give rise to personal 
jurisdiction over YouTube, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other 
than California. These Terms of Service shall be governed by the internal 
substantive laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of 
laws principles. Any claim or dispute between you and YouTube that arises in 
whole or in part from the Service shall be decided exclusively by a court of 
competent jurisdiction located in Santa Clara County, California. These Terms of
 Service, together with the Privacy Notice at http://www.youtube.com/t/privacy 
and any other legal notices published by YouTube on the Service, shall 
constitute the entire agreement between you and YouTube concerning the Service. 
If any provision of these Terms of Service is deemed invalid by a court of 
competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the 
validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Service, which shall 
remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of this these Terms of 
Service shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other
 term, and YouTube's failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms 
of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. YouTube 
reserves the right to amend these Terms of Service at any time and without 
notice, and it is your responsibility to review these Terms of Service for any 
changes. Your use of the Service following any amendment of these Terms of 
Service will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms. YOU AND
 YOUTUBE AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE 
SERVICES MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. 
OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.