[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: https://www.netflix.com/privacypolicy ] 

 This Privacy Policy explains our policy regarding the collection, use, 
disclosure and transfer of certain information, including your personal 
information, by the Netflix family of companies ("Netflix") 
(https://help.netflix.com/support/2101).

For instructions on how to contact us,
 or to see which Netflix company is the controller of your personal information 
(where applicable), please see the "Contacting Us" section below. By using, 
visiting or browsing the Netflix service, you accept and agree to our 
information practices described below.

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy,
 the term "personal information" refers to information that can be used to 
uniquely identify or contact you. Non-personal information is information that 
does not permit direct association with you. We may collect, use, transfer and 
disclose non-personal information for any purpose.

Please note that this 
Privacy Policy includes embedded hyperlinks that may only be accessed through 
our website, so if you are reviewing this Privacy Policy through certain Netflix
 ready devices, you will need to visit www.netflix.com/privacypolicy to review 
these hyperlinked terms.

We use the information we collect to provide, analyze,
 administer, enhance and personalize our services and marketing efforts for you 
and others, including to process your registration, your orders and your 
payments, and to communicate with you on these and other topics. For example, we
 may use the information we collect for purposes such as: determining your 
general geographic location, providing localized content, providing 
recommendations on movies and TV shows we think will be enjoyable, determining 
your Internet service provider and helping us quickly and efficiently respond to
 inquiries and requests; preventing, detecting and investigating potentially 
prohibited or illegal activities, including fraud, and enforcing our terms (such
 as determining free trial eligibility); sending you e-mails, push notifications
 or other correspondence and advertising concerning our service, including 
newsletters, messages about new Netflix features, Netflix special offers, 
promotional announcements and consumer surveys. From time to time, we may 
partner with companies whose products we believe will interest our members. In 
conjunction with these partners, we may send promotional announcements and/or 
serve web-based advertisements on their behalf, as permitted by law. Please see 
the "Your Choices" section of this policy for information regarding opting out 
of marketing emails and push notifications, as well your choices regarding other
 types of advertising; We may use information on an aggregated or anonymous 
basis. For example, we use movie and TV show ratings and consumption behavior, 
as well as commentary and reviews, on an aggregate or anonymous basis, to 
improve our recommendations to you as well as other users. Aggregated or 
anonymous information may be used for a variety purposes not explicitly set 
forth in this policy. Back to top

Profiles allow different members of your 
household to have a distinct, personalized Netflix experience, built around the 
movies and TV shows they enjoy, such as personalized recommendations and 
separate watch histories. For more information regarding profiles, see 
https://help.netflix.com/article/en/node/10421?ba=GSButtonClick&q=profiles. 
Please note that profiles are freely available to everyone who uses your Netflix
 account, so that anyone with access to your Netflix account can navigate to and
 use, edit or delete any profile. You should explain this to others with access 
to your account, and if you do not wish them to use or update your profile, be 
sure to let them know. Profiles can be used in connection with our social 
features to enable you to connect different Facebook accounts to separate 
profiles. See our Social Terms (https://www.netflix.com/socialterms) for more 
information. Back to top

If you no longer want to receive certain 
communications from us via email, simply access the "Email preferences" 
(https://www.netflix.com/EmailPreferences) link on the "Your Account" page of 
our website (https://www.netflix.com/YourAccount) and uncheck those items to 
unsubscribe, or click the "unsubscribe" link in the email. Please note that you 
cannot unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us, such as messages 
relating to your account transactions. You can opt in to receive push 
notifications from Netflix. If you subsequently decide you no longer wish to 
receive these notifications, you can use your mobile device?s settings 
functionality to turn them off. To exercise choices regarding cookies set 
through our website, as well as other types of online tracking and Internet 
advertising, see our Cookies and Internet Advertising notice 
(https://www.netflix.com/cookies). For information regarding your choices with 
respect to connecting to a social media account as well as our social features, 
please see our Social Terms (https://www.netflix.com/socialterms). Back to top


Netflix uses reasonable administrative, technical, physical and managerial 
measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and 
unauthorized access, use and modification. For example, we may utilize Secure 
Sockets Layering, an industry-standard protocol for certain of your 
transmissions to us, in order to encrypt certain personal information that you 
send to us through the registration and sign up process. Unfortunately, no 
security system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, we cannot 
guarantee the security of your information and cannot assume liability for 
improper access to it. By using our service, including our website and user 
interfaces, or providing information to us through any means, you agree that we 
can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and 
administrative issues relating to your use of the Netflix service. In order to 
provide you with ease of access to your account and to help administer the 
Netflix service, we implement technology that enables us to recognize you as the
 account holder and provide you with direct access to your account without 
requiring you to retype any password or other user identification when you 
revisit the Netflix service. You can choose not to take advantage of this 
feature on your computer by unchecking the box "Remember me on this computer" 
when you login on the website. To remove access to your Netflix account from 
your devices: (a) visit "Your Account" (https://www.netflix.com/YourAccount) 
(note, deactivation may not occur immediately) or (b) delete your Netflix 
settings from your device (steps vary by device and the option is not available 
on all devices). You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your
 account access information and for restricting access to your computer or 
device through which you access your Netflix account. Where possible, users of 
public or shared devices should log out at the completion of each visit. If you 
sell or return a computer or Netflix ready device, you should log-out and 
deactivate the device before doing so. If you do not maintain the security of 
your password or device, or fail to log out or deactivate your device, 
subsequent users may be able to access your account, including your personal 
information. Back to top

The Netflix service may be provided through platforms 
or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the
 handling of information may differ from ours. For example, you may be able to 
access the Netflix service through platforms such as gaming systems, smart TVs, 
mobile devices, set top boxes and a number of other Internet connected devices. 
These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy statements, 
notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully. In addition, 
you may encounter third party applications that interact with the Netflix 
service. Netflix is not responsible for the information handling practices of 
these other websites and platforms. To learn more, see our Terms of Use 
(www.netflix.com/termsofuse). Back to top

Given that the Internet is a global 
environment, using the Internet to collect and process information necessarily 
involves the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by using
 Netflix, you acknowledge and agree to the transfer of your information outside 
your country of residence to any country (including the United States) where we 
have facilities or engage Service Providers. You understand that the countries 
to which we may transfer information may not have as comprehensive a level of 
data protection as in your country, although your personal information will 
continue to be protected in accordance with the standards described in this 
policy. Back to top