[ TOS Watchdog retrieved from: http://www.dailymotion.com/legal/terms ] 

 The collective nature of this website is very important to us, as is respecting 
the rights of others and protecting children from harmful content. We ask that 
you read these terms of use carefully. If you have any questions, please do not 
hesitate to contact us.

THESE TERMS OF USE (?TERMS?) SET OUT THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS OF USE OF THE WEBSITE ?DAILYMOTION.COM? (COLLECTIVELY, INCLUDING ALL 
CONTENT AND FUNCTIONALITY AVAILABLE THROUGH THE DAILYMOTION.COM WEBSITE, THE 
?WEBSITE?), PUBLISHED BY DAILYMOTION, INC (?DAILYMOTION?). BY ACCESSING/VISITING
 OR USING THE WEBSITE (WHETHER YOU ARE A REGISTERED USER OR UNREGISTERED USER), 
EITHER AN INDIVIDUAL OR A SINGLE ENTITY ("YOU" OR "YOUR" AS APPLICABLE), YOU 
EXPRESSLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREE TO THE TERMS AND ALL OTHER POLICIES OF 
DAILYMOTION (LEGAL), (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAILYMOTION?S PRIVACY 
POLICY). IF YOU ARE NOT AN INDIVIDUAL, YOU REPRESENT TO DAILYMOTION THAT YOU 
HAVE ALL NECESSARY CORPORATE OR EQUIVALENT AUTHORITY AND POWER TO AGREE TO THE 
TERMS WHICH YOU AGREE SHALL BE BINDING ON THE CORPORATION, PARTNERSHIP, 
ASSOCIATION OR OTHER ENTITY IN WHOSE NAME YOU ARE REGISTERING AS A USER AND 
ESTABLISHING AN ACCOUNT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ANY OF THESE TERMS, YOU MAY NOT 
USE THE WEBSITE.

Dailymotion.com is an innovative and original free video 
hosting website that enables users to access, view, upload, store, share and 
comment upon their personal videos. While users are granted unlimited storage 
space (unless otherwise notified by email), for bandwidth cost-control each 
video is limited to a 2 gigabytes file size and a duration of 60 minutes. 
Because the Website is not designed as a video back-up service, you are 
responsible for taking all necessary precautions to safeguard your video files. 
In accordance with internet practice and custom, advertisements may be 
incorporated into the Website.

If you have registered and have a Dailymotion 
account pursuant to which you upload video files you create, including your 
comments on videos, your nickname and your avatar (?Your Content?) Dailymotion 
does not own Your Content. By making Your Content accessible to other users (as 
individuals and/or as a group), you agree to allow any users of the Website - 
free of charge and for personal use only - to view and transmit Your Content on 
or through the Website and any other electronic communication media or 
technology (e.g. smartphones, tablets, connected TV, game consoles), now known 
or later developed, for the entire period in which Your Content is hosted on the
 Website. Please note that due to the nature of the Internet and digital media, 
data transmitted ? including Your Content ? cannot be protected against the 
risks of misappropriation and/or piracy, for which Dailymotion shall not be 
liable. You are responsible for taking all appropriate steps to protect your 
data, where applicable.

 In addition, for the entire period in which Your 
Content is hosted, you grant Dailymotion the non-exclusive, royalty free right 
and license to reproduce and display Your Content, in whole or in part, and to 
display, perform, distribute and transmit the same via the features that enable 
the Website to be accessed both on the Internet and through any other electronic
 communication media or technology, now known or later developed, and to adjust 
the format of Your Content as necessary for the purposes of reproduction, 
display and transmission.

Other users of the Website have provided other 
content subject to these Terms of Use and other notices and policies (legal) set
 forth on the Website. You may access other users? content solely:

"Streaming" 
means a digital transmission of an audiovisual work via the Internet from the 
Website to a user's device in such a manner that the data is intended for real-
time viewing and not intended to be copied, stored, permanently downloaded, or 
redistributed by the user. Accessing user?s content for any purpose or in any 
manner other than Streaming is expressly prohibited. If you wish to use another 
user?s content for any other purpose, in particular for commercial use, you are 
solely responsible for obtaining the necessary advance authorization.

Moreover,
 in regards to the export functionality of the Dailymotion player, you represent
 and warrant that, you will not embed Your Content or other users? content on 
any website that or include any element that (i) breaches any intellectual 
property rights of any third parties or (ii) constitutes an injury to any person
 (including defamation, slander, abuse, etc...) or to any third party?s privacy 
rights or (iii) encourages violence or hatred against any individual or group, 
or cruelty to animals (iv) or contains sexually explicit or highly suggestive 
content or (v) encourages drug use or any illegal activity (vii) constitutes a 
threat to public order or standards of decency and good morals or (viii) 
violates any applicable laws.

The content (other than Your Content and other 
users' content) included on or accessible through the Website, such as text, 
graphics, logos, names, designations, button icons, features, functionalities, 
images, audio clips, information, data, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, 
graphics, music, sounds, and other material and software (the ?Dailymotion 
Content?), is the exclusive property of Dailymotion and its licensors and is 
protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights 
and subject to applicable laws and regulations. We grant you a personal, non-
exclusive, non-transferable and revocable right to access and use the Website, 
which right is conditioned on your compliance with the Terms. Dailymotion 
Content may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, 
broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other 
purpose whatsoever without the prior written consent of Dailymotion or 
Dailymotion's licensors. You agree to not use or exploit the Dailymotion Content
 in any manner inconsistent with any of the rights granted or restrictions set 
forth herein, including, without limitation, prohibitions on downloading, 
redistribution, alteration, deletion and deactivation of any content protection 
mechanisms. You are not allowed to modify, enhance, edit, translate, adapt, 
reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or create derivative works based upon 
or otherwise alter in part or in full any Dailymotion Content. All rights not 
expressly granted in the Terms are reserved to Dailymotion and its licensors.


We are under no legal obligation to monitor content transmitted via or stored on
 the Website. Our only obligations as host concern (i) the fight against certain
 content in accordance with the procedure described in the Prohibited Content 
section, (ii) the retention of your connection data, which is subject to our 
policies on Personal Data, and (iii) the removal of all clearly illegal content 
which has been effectively brought to our attention.

YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF
 THE WEBSITE SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK AND LIABILITY. EVERYTHING ON THE WEBSITE
 IS PROVIDED TO YOU ?AS IS? WITHOUT WARRANTY. DAILYMOTION, ITS AFFILIATED 
COMPANIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, VENDORS AND SUPPLIERS (THE 
?DM PARTIES?) DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
 FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT TO THE FULLEST EXTENT 
PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. THE DM PARTIES ALSO DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, 
TAKE NO RESPONSIBILITY AND ASSUME NO LIABILITY FOR THE CONTENT PRESENT ON THE 
WEBSITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY MISTAKES, DEFAMATION, LIBEL, SLANDER, 
OMISSIONS, FALSEHOODS, OBSCENITY, PORNOGRAPHY OR PROFANITY YOU MAY ENCOUNTER ON 
THE WEBSITE. THE DM PARTIES MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION THAT THE WEBSITE 
OR ITS SERVICES OR TECHNOLOGY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, 
ERROR-FREE OR SECURE, INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO THE DELIVERY OF YOUR CONTENT 
AND/OR ANY LIMITATIONS ON YOUR OR ANY OTHER USERS ABILITY TO ACCESS, VIEW OR USE
 YOUR CONTENT OR ANY OTHER CONTENT, OR THAT ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM THE 
WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE.

YOU AGREE THAT NO DM PARTY SHALL BE 
LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, LOSS, OR EXPENSE OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR RESULTING
 FROM YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH 
LIABILITY IS BASED IN TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE. IN NO EVENT, INCLUDING 
WITHOUT LIMITATION A NEGLIGENT ACT, SHALL ANY DM PARTY BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY 
DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES 
(INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, LOSS
 OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR INTERRUPTION OF
 BUSINESS), ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE WEBSITE, REGARDLESS OF 
WHETHER ANY SUCH DM PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.


SOME JURISDICTIONS LIMIT OR DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES OR DAMAGES
 SO THE ABOVE DISCLAIMER MAY NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT SUCH JURISDICTION'S LAW 
APPLIES TO THIS AGREEMENT.

You warrant that Your Content contains no child 
pornography; dangerous or illegal acts (including but not limited to incitement 
to violence, animal abuse or drug abuse); unlawful, obscene, defamatory or 
libelous material; images of rape or abuse; images of bestiality; or any 
sexually explicit content (including but not limited to intercourse, 
masturbation, sadistic or masochistic abuse, explicit depiction of male or 
female genitalia or pubic areas, pedophilia or necrophilia). To be clear, 
Dailymotion neither wants nor tolerates such content. If Your Content contains 
such content, do not upload it to the Website as you are not authorized to 
upload it to the Website.

You also warrant that Your Content (i) does not 
infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party (including but not 
limited to sound, music, excerpts from any animated or non-animated television 
shows, short, medium-length and/or feature-length films, advertisements or any 
other material that you have not created yourself or for which you do not have 
the necessary clearances and permissions from third party rights owners or 
copyright royalty collection organizations in such materials); (ii) does not 
infringe personal rights (i.e. it is not defamatory and does not contain 
insults, abuse, libel, etc.) or personal privacy (including an individual's 
right to his or her image); and (iii) is not contrary to public policy and 
accepted moral standards and does not display, incite or otherwise promote 
illegal or immoral activity, and does not violate any applicable laws or 
regulations.

By uploading or disseminating images to or through the Website, 
you warrant that you are not uploading any infringing material and expressly 
warrant that you have all necessary rights and/or authorizations from the 
copyright owner(s) and have paid any royalties or other fees pursuant to any 
licenses or permissions you may have with owners of copyright royalty collection
 organizations.

Failure to comply with these provisions may result in Your 
Content being removed and/or your account being deactivated without prior 
notice. In addition, Dailymotion reserves the right to report any violation of 
these provisions to applicable legal authorities and you may be personally 
liable to criminal sanctions applicable to the content in question (fines and 
imprisonment), in addition to any applicable civil damages.

In view of the 
user-driven nature of the Website, and out of consideration for the general 
public, users are responsible for maintaining certain ethical standards 
respecting the videos they upload and the comments they post online. A ?this 
video may offend? link appears next to each video player so that other users may
 report videos that potentially violate the Terms or any other policy of 
Dailymotion.

Moreover, as a user of the Website, you shall not (i) falsely 
increase the number of views, impression of or clicks associated with Your 
Content or other users? content either directly or indirectly, or automatically 
or manually, or (ii) authorize or encourage any third party including offering 
any financial incentive to do the same.

Dailymotion does not permit copyright 
infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on its 
Website, and will remove content uploaded by users (including Your Content), if 
properly notified that such content infringes on another's intellectual property
 rights. Dailymotion reserves the right also to terminate a user's account, if 
they are determined to be a repeat infringer.

If you believe that Your Content 
has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide
 Dailymotion?s copyright agent the written information specified below:


Dailymotion?s Copyright Agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on 
its site can be reached as follows:Copyright AgentDailymotion

In order to use 
many of the Website's features, you must set up an account using the online 
registration form. You are free to modify the Prohibited Content section, (ii) 
the retention of your connection data, which is subject to our policies on 
Personal Data you provide on the form at any time. Upon registering, you will be
 sent an email containing an hyperlink that must be clicked in order to confirm 
your registration. You may access your account by entering your username and 
password in the login fields on the homepage. You alone are responsible for 
keeping your username and password secure. Registration entitles you to use the 
Website. We reserve the right to terminate your account at any time. Failure to 
comply with the Terms or any other policy of Dailymotion may result in access to
 your personal page being temporarily or permanently suspended, immediately and 
without notice, or in the deactivation of your account, without prejudice to any
 other rights we may have.

Children under the age of 13 are not permitted to 
register with Dailymotion. It is Dailymotion's policy not to collect any 
information from anyone under the age of 13.

You warrant that you are either 
more than 18 years or age or have consent of your parent or legal guardian such 
that you are legally able to agree to be bound by the Terms. In any event, You 
warrant that you are over the age of 13, as the Website is not intended for 
children under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, do not use or access the 
Dailymotion website at any time or in any manner.

If you are the parent or 
legal guardian of a child under 13, and that child has somehow registered with 
Dailymotion, please send an e-mail to Dailymotion for instructions on how to 
cancel your child?s registration. In the e-mail, please include your full name 
and address, your child's full name and address, your relationship to the child,
 your daytime and evening telephone numbers, your e-mail address and a signed 
statement that you are the child's parent or legal guardian. Dailymotion 
reserves the right to seek additional information to verify your identity and 
status in relation to the child. Dailymotion will use this information only to 
verify that you are the child's parent or legal guardian and for no other 
purposes.

The computer registers stored on our systems in accordance with 
standard safety practices shall be considered proof of emails exchanged, 
registration forms sent, videos uploaded, comments posted, and other activity 
within the Website. Registration forms are stored on reliable and durable media,
 as required by law. It is agreed that, in the event of a discrepancy between 
our computer registers and any paper or electronic documents in your possession,
 our computer registers shall be authoritative and controlling.

You agree and 
shall indemnify and hold Dailymotion- harmless from and against any liability, 
loss, damages (including punitive damages), claim, settlement payment, cost and 
expense, interest, award, judgment, diminution in value, fine, fee (including 
reasonable attorneys? fees), and penalty, or other charge (including reasonable 
attorneys? fees and all other cost of investigating, defending or asserting any 
claim for indemnification under these Terms) arising from or relating to (i) 
Your Content, (ii) your violation of the Terms or any other policy of 
Dailymotion; (iii) your use of the Website; and (iv) your violation of any third
 party rights, including without limitation any copyright, property, publicity 
or privacy rights.

You agree that Dailymotion shall be deemed to be a passive 
website that is based solely in New York and over which personal jurisdiction 
cannot be obtained, either specific or general, in any jurisdiction other than 
New York.

You agree that any dispute between you and Dailymotion arising out of
 or relating in any way to these Terms or your use of the Website shall be 
interpreted in accord with the laws of the State of New York, without reference 
to its conflicts of laws, and shall in all respects be governed, construed, 
applied, and enforced in accordance with the laws of New York. You also agree 
that any claim or dispute between you and Dailymotion shall be decided 
exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in New York and you 
irrevocably consent to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of any such 
court.

As a convenience to you, the Website may contain links to websites 
operated by other entities (a "Linked Site"). If you decide to visit any Linked 
Site, you do so at your own risk and it is your responsibility to take all 
protective measures to guard against viruses or other destructive elements. 
Dailymotion has no responsibility to you with respect to any Linked Site and no 
Linked Site, regardless of the liking form (e.g. hotlinks, hypertext links, IMG 
links) is maintained, controlled, endorsed, monitored or otherwise governed by 
Dailymotion.

You agree to be bound by any affirmation, assent, communication or
 agreement you transmit through the Website, including but not limited to any 
consent you give to receive communications from Dailymotion solely through 
electronic transmission. You agree that, when in the future you click on "I 
agree," "I consent" or other similarly worded "button" or entry field with your 
mouse, keystroke or other computer device, your agreement or consent will be 
legally binding and enforceable and the legal equivalent of your handwritten 
signature.

Dailymotion may amend or revise the Terms or any other policy of 
Dailymotion at any time and you agree to be bound by such revised Terms or 
policy. Any such amendment or revisions will become effective upon the date it 
is first posted to this site. It is your responsibility to return to the Website
 from time to time to review the most current Terms and other Dailymotion 
policies. Dailymotion does not and will not assume any obligation to notify you 
of changes to the Terms or any other policy of Dailymotion.

These Terms 
constitute the entire agreement between Dailymotion and you with respect the 
Website and its supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and 
proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between you and Dailymotion 
with respect to the Website. A printed version of the Terms and of any notice 
given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative 
proceedings based upon or relating to the Terms to the same extent and subject 
to the same conditions as other business documents and record originally 
generated and maintained in printed form. If for any reason a court of competent
 jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms or portion thereof, to be 
unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent 
permissible so as to affect the intent of these Terms, and the remainder of 
these Terms shall continue in full force and effect. No waiver by either party 
of any breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any 
preceding or subsequent breach or default.